#6 Better Readme. updated version (#6)
KallistiOS/dcload-serial: README.md

# dcload-serial 1.0.6

**dcload** is a **Sega Dreamcast** (DC) serial loader written originally by 
[Andrew Kieschnick](http://napalm-x.thegypsy.com/andrewk/dc/), a.k.a.

> **ADK/Napalm**. This program is part of 
> [KallistiOS](http://gamedev.allusion.net/softprj/kos/) (KOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ADK/Napalm**. It is currently maintained as a part of 
[KallistiOS](http://gamedev.allusion.net/softprj/kos/) (KOS).
```
